Documentation for the Airbnb website:

As the site is still under construction, all functionalities and designs are not yet complete.

On the home page, you'll find the various filters we've set up.
Such as the location, the period of availability, the number of travelers it can accommodate and the type of accommodation.
For the perfect accommodation search.

Click on the menu to access the account creation interface.
You can create an account or log in by entering an e-mail address and password, or connect via Google.

Once you've logged in, you'll be able to access your personal space. You'll arrive at the Today section, which is unfortunately not yet active.
The purpose of this section is to show you the current status of your accommodation bookings.


Calendrier, Message and Menu are not yet operational, so let's concentrate on Annonces.

Here, you can create an advert for a property, giving details of the type of property, which part of the property you're renting, its location and its composition.
How many people can it accommodate, what equipment does it have, photos of your accommodation, a title and a description, 
The management of your reservations, if you wish to restrict the reservation, the price of the night, the implementation of discounts and your statue and possession of sensitive equipment.

After this, your ad is complete and you can view it before validating it.

Once you've created your ad, click on the photo of your property to access the detailed editing section.

In this area, you can add photos, group & move them, modify the cover photo and much more.

You can also modify the title of your accommodation, its type, how many travelers it can accommodate, and its description.

An extensive equipment list is also available, allowing you to delete those currently present or add others that were not present at the time of creation.

You can also modify the position of your accommodation and the reservation system. 

If you exit the my accommodation for arrival guide menu, you'll be able to enter your wifi information.

A delete button is also available.